Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
We're just going to pray.
There's a lot on my heart to pray about.
Yesterday I did not make a video for you.
I went to the church prayer group and after I prayed the Lord—I usually sit in the back—the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to go on the front and pray with them and push this thing through.
' After I did that, I was very tired.
So, I told Braden, 'You know, I'm not going to go live tonight.
I'm going to just rest because my voice was already strained because I was praying and we were interceding.
' I'm going to go into a little bit of it here in just a second for y'all, for what we were seeing at our church prayer group.
The last video we did and we prayed with y'all, to me—even Braden thought so—that was off the charts.
I told Diana about that video when we were in here interceding and talking about things, and then the Lord started showing us prophetically all that you were able to hear and see.
If you did not watch that video, you've got to go watch it.
Braden cut out all the tongues and he made it where he could translate it on the other channels.
So I'm going to upload that again—just the word of what he showed us from nation to nation and what I believe the Holy Spirit showed us is coming.
Like I said, that was over the top.
The Lord added more to it today.
So, I'll get right into that part.
This is what we saw in prayer tonight.
Pastor Candace and then we were all praying in our prayer group and she saw a gate.
The Lord told me, 'I want you to go up to the front and not sit in the back and pray,' because I usually sit and stand in the back and pray over the congregation and what's going on.
But he said, 'I want you to go to the front tonight and I want you to sit on the floor, and you're going to help pray this out.
' So I went up and sat on the floor like he asked me to.
Pastor Candace, who was leading with Shannon, the Lord showed her a major gate concerning Washington DC.
But behind this gate were demonic forces that were pushing against the gate from what I understand.
And they were not allowing this major gate to open concerning Washington DC.
But the angels of the Lord were coming to help us.
And the other people, the saints, were praying for the gate, for this open window in Washington DC.
But I kept praying in the back before the Lord told me to go to the front.
I was praying and interceding for the NSA.
They're not seeing what they need to be seeing.
And the Lord said, 'They're not seeing what they need to be seeing.
Pray this through for what's coming for America in the days ahead.
Push this through.
' So I went up there and we started interceding in travail for this major gate.
I saw the gate open and the Lord said, 'Now you're through the gate.
Pray for the Supreme Court judges, for they will make a major decision in the days ahead.
' A major decision in the days ahead.
And other judges, you know, district judges and other things like that, praying for America and the major decisions, praying, interceding.
And as we interceded and prayed into that, I felt a parting—a major shift coming.
And after it was over, you could feel that we made a lot of progress in prayer concerning this gate.
Well, before we went to prayer, I saw a lot in the spirit concerning February 3rd.
February 3rd, the number three was highlighted to me in purple and it was on a mountaintop and it was on a ski slope.
Now, I'm well aware that the Olympics start on February 6th, but as I was praying into this, the Lord said, 'Watch February 3rd.
Pray over February 3rd.
' And I saw the number three going down the mountain like it was a skier, an alpine skier, and it was going down—the number three.
Number three—and I know it's symbolic.
A number three is not going to go down the mountain.
Okay, duh.
But the Lord was showing me this number three.
And he said, 'Pray about the third.
' And then I heard a major shaking I told you was coming to the world in all five stages.
For 2026 will be a year of great shaking on five fronts.
I warned you what was coming, son, in 2025; it was the time for you to come by my side.
But a great shaking to awaken in 2026; this is what will bring the bride by my side.
The 2026 shaking will bring the bride by my side in a great awakening.
So I saw—he said again, 'I warned you.
I warned you about the shaking in politics, a shaking in finances, a shaking in the earth's crust, a shaking in the church, and a shaking in the heavens.
' It was all coming all at once.
And he said 2026 will be the year of a great shaking to awaken on five fronts.
Major shaking.
And I saw a major volcano going off in Italy.
I saw an eruption, a shaking.
I almost think like Italy was split almost in half.
It looked like that much of a major earthquake.
And as I was praying into that, I saw three, three, three.
And I don't understand why I saw this three still.
I've been praying into why I've been seeing this three.
But I saw it go down the mountain.
And then I saw an old dormant volcano and a mountain in Italy come active and it blew its top.
Now, this is not the first time I have seen a major volcano going off in Italy.
I have seen it go off in the water.
He said, 'Pay attention to the water.
Pay attention to the water.
' If anybody goes back to my 2023 word, he warned us about a major volcano going off in the water outside the Italy coast.
And when this happened, it created a massive tsunami that went inland and killed hundreds of thousands of people as I watched that wave go in.
And the Lord kept bringing it up to me again.
They're not paying attention to the volcanoes in the water.
They're not paying attention.
This will even affect Monaco, the rich city, for much trafficking of young girls and boys comes from this city.
Great perversion comes from Monaco.
I'm sorry, I'm not good with names a lot, y'all, and I'm getting better.
All glory to Jesus.
So, as I saw this manifesting, the Lord brought it up to me again and he said, 'I told you a great shaking's coming to Italy.
I told you a great shaking's coming to the Vatican.
' So, it goes back alongside, we keep praying.
He said, 'A great abomination.
' He said, 'An abomination concerning CERN.
They have provoked him.
' And he said, 'February 3rd will smell—and this sounds crude—but it will smell like a turd before me.
' And people said, 'Well, Brandon, that's funny.
' It's not funny.
It was disgusting.
I saw human waste with a stench, with flies on it, that was very formed waste and it was coming.
It was at the throne of the Lord because of what people had done, and it was rebellion toward the Father.
And he said, 'What they are doing is a stench to me and the fragrance of it comes up to me like a turd.
' And I thought, 'Wow,' but that's what he said.
And I saw it come up before the Father and he was repulsed by what's happening.
And he said, 'This rebellion, rebellion.
' He is talking about rebellion of the nations, rebellion of the people, rebellion, rebellion, rebellion.
And I saw this and I saw a woman and she had a headdress on that was golden—this golden thing.
Her skin looked purple.
And as I looked on her, she had a golden thing.
She—it did not show her breasts, but she was topless and she had golden jewelry covering her breasts and her stomach halfway and she had some kind of garb on underneath in her pants area.
So, she wasn't fully nude.
She had something on, but she had purple-looking skin with black hair.
Her eyes were evil-looking red.
She had this crown on her head; it went way up high and was gold.
It had all kinds of golden chains—not anchor chains, but golden chains.
I have a rope chain, but these were golden chains drooping down on each part where the crown went up to these pinnacle points.
Every one of these things went up like this.
There were golden chains, like anchor chains, attached to each part where the crown was individually split out.
It spread out like this.
I believe there were seven pinnacle points on this crown.
As it dipped down, every corner of it had a pearl attached to a rope.
She had on this outfit that was golden, but her skin was purple—a lavender color.
It wasn't a dark purple like the blueberry color I saw the day before yesterday.
This looked similar to the god they put on CERN, but I don't believe it is that.
The more I have prayed into it, I believe this is the harlot mentioned in Revelation.
I saw it stand before her, and it was repulsive to the Father and a stench to His nose.
I saw this purple, and it was over Italy and Europe.
I saw CERN again, and I saw rebellious decisions being made again, and He called it Cyrus and Balaam.
I don't understand why those two words come up, but He says Cyrus and Balaam.
I know that King Cyrus is the one that everybody says Trump is—a new Cyrus, is what I'm understanding.
I was like, 'What does this mean?
' This was something that was not good.
Like I said, I don't try to add to or take away from anything, but these words were stirring inside of my spirit as I was praying.
I have to just weigh it out and say, 'What was He saying?
' I have to keep praying about it because I hear in part and see in part; it's all a puzzle to me.
This is what I got, and I just wanted to bring that to you.
I saw a rebellion.
I saw these things coming, and I saw a great shaking on all fronts.
He told me, 'Woe to the people who are not awake, for 2026 will be a year of great shaking on all fronts.
' He said, 'I will hide my remnant in a cleft of a rock.
' I saw a rock, and it had a divot in it like a cave.
He said, 'Brandon, I will hide you,' for He said, 'Much refining has gone through your life all the way up.
' He went by the sixes.
He said in 2016 there was a major shaking in your life.
He told me all the things I went through—and I went through a lot, and it lasted.
But He said, 'Brandon, I prepared you for what's coming in 2026.
I prepared you to bring prayer to the people on a regular basis so they have an oasis to come to.
' For 2026, judgment begins in the house of the Lord on a greater level.
That's what He warned me about.
Many of you are not prepared for what's coming.
He said, 'They want the greater glory.
They want the revival.
They want these things, but the church is not awake.
There's no urgency in My church.
Because of this, there has to be a shaking and a cleaning of the house.
' There will be an urgency stirred up in the refiners.
Remember when He called you all refiners?
A shaking to awaken in My refiners.
I'm bringing My refiners, the closers.
That's what He keeps talking about: bringing the closers, the refiners.
There's a remnant of us that have already been refined, and He keeps refining us even more.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, this is what I'm talking about: your weight issues, health things, taking care of your temple, and being corrupt with finances.
' He brought up ministers.
He said, 'All 2025, I warned you to stop being corrupt with money.
You were corrupt with the church finances and your ministry finances.
You didn't do with My money like you were supposed to.
' He said it was because they touched it wrong: the gold, the glory, and the girls.
Most people are judged in ministry about that.
For what I saw coming in 2026, it's not going to be the gold, the glory, or the girls for every single person, but it will be that way for individuals.
You took the glory, you took the gold, and you were committing adultery or messing around with men and women.
The Lord said, 'I have warned you, oh church.
Watch what takes place, for these are the major things that the church will be cleaned up on: the gold, the glory, and the girls.
' Taking His glory, not doing what He told you to do with the platform He has given you—to whom much is given, much is required—messing around with finances, doing the money wrong in the church.
You squandered it.
There's an accountability to how you asked for it and how you begged for it.
The Lord said you'll see finances stripped away like the peeling of a banana in some ministries, and it will dry up like a desert.
There will be no money for you, and you'll even have to sell your stuff because you didn't do right with God's money.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm telling you, this is coming.
' Then He warned me about taking His glory and not doing what He told people to do with their platforms.
To whom much is given, much is required.
People exalting you and you trying to deflect—stay vertical.
Then the girls: committing adultery, sleeping around, and looking at bad things on the internet.
God has warned you to stop it.
You're going to open a door.
He said, 'First Corinthians 5:5 is for My church this year.
' I don't want any of them to go to hell, but I'm going to shake them and it will clean up their inside.
This is where the revival will be birthed out of.
As you go through 2026, you're preparing for the revival.
So, Father, I just lift up these people before You.
Let us get our hearts ready for what's coming in 2026.
We make sure our lamps are full of oil and our eyes are focused vertically on You at all times.
Father, we have our eyes to the sky because we know our redemption draws nigh.
Everybody, put in the comments section right now: Do you feel that the coming of the Lord is soon?
Do you feel that?
Just like I tried to tell you before, animals know when danger is coming.
They start to act differently; they have that sixth sense of danger.
Birds act differently, big animals, and even your dog or cat starts acting weird when an earthquake is coming.
They have a sense of knowing that danger is on the horizon, and that protects them.
How much more do the children of God, created in the image of God, have that inward intuition that Jesus Christ is coming?
There's something major about to happen.
If God shares it and shows the animals that there's danger coming, how much more do you have it inside of you if you have ears?
He thаt has ears to hear, let him hear whаt the Spirit is sаying.
How much more do you hаve it thаt He's wаrning you?
Look аt the signs of the times.
The red flаshing light.
Cаution.
It's time to wаke up.
It's time to stop.
It's like the mаjor stop sign.
Deаd end аheаd.
There's а mаjor cliff over here.
If you keep going, you're running off the cliff.
You must open your eyes, Church.
And thаt's whаt the Lord wаs showing me even lаst night.
We must prаy for Americа.
We must intercede for our judges.
We must prаy for the Red Dаwn experience аnd the things thаt I feel concerning Russiа.
I wаs listening to—аnd people go, 'Well, Brаndon, why would you do thаt?
'—it wаs on my heаrt to do so.
And I wаs listening to thаt Russiа song.
I wаs prаying for them, аnd it helps me drаw on thаt vein to prаy for the Russiаn people in Ukrаine for whаt I've seen coming.
As I sаw even more concerning аbout Zelensky аnd Russiа аnd the dаys аheаd, you must tаke this serious.
There should be аn urgency inside of you.
This is whаt helps me becаuse I'm not in Russiа, so prаying for Russiа, I prаy аnd I heаr their аnthem аnd I go, 'Listen, you're prаying for а body of people.
You're prаying for the nаtion of Russiа.
You're interceding for this.
This is very serious whаt the Lord is sаying.
' All right.
So, we're just going to mаke this video.
The аnointing is here аnd I'm not going to cut it off to wаrn аnd go to the next one.
We'll tаlk аbout the next stuff in the next video, but this is whаt the Lord hаd for you todаy.
So, we're going to prаy right now.
You're running out of time.
We tаke this body in the nаme of Jesus аnd we lift it up before You, Fаther, аnd we thаnk You, Lord, thаt You've cаlled us to the Kingdom for such а time аs this.
We lift up the body аnd we thаnk You, Lord, thаt we're heаled аnd whole аnd well in the mighty nаme of Jesus.
We tаke it аnd we glorify You.
Thаnk You, Lord.
You'll turn on the news аnd in а dаy everything will chаnge.
I see it todаy.
Oh, I see it, son.
Brаce.
Brаce yourself.
Brаce yourself, Americа.
Brаce.
You will see.
I've got to tаke this communion.
I pleаd the blood over my eyes.
We tаke the blood in the nаme of Jesus.
And I аpply the blood аnd we mаke much of the blood, аnd the blood mаkes so much of me in Jesus' nаme.
We confess our sins, Fаther, аnd I thаnk You, Lord, right now thаt we come before You boldly, uninterrupted аnd unhindered by аny sаtаnic or demonic force.
Fаther, I аsk You to speаk through my vocаl cords аnd think through my mind.
None of me аnd аll of You in the nаme of Jesus.
I'm jumping right in the river.
Come on, let's go tubing.
I'm seeing Zelensky fighting bаck.
It's аctuаlly in Kyiv where he's аt there.
The wаr is coming to Kyiv.
I see а bаttle in the streets with Zelensky himself.
They аre coming to remove him.
I cаn see him; he's trying to flee.
Remember I told you he's а puppet?
They're cutting the strings.
He hаs the money.
There's money in а plаne.
There's money in аccounts.
I see it.
$100 million is in аn аccount.
He hаs $100 million set аside for а slush fund just for himself.
This is аctuаlly cаsh.
And there's а jet fueled аnd reаdy.
It's а privаte jet, а big one, а nice one, like а Gulfstreаm.
The heаvy-set guy thаt hаd аll the corruption in the government, the second-in-commаnd, I see this mаn.
Whаt did they sаy?
They wаnt more lаnd.
They wаnt the whole thing.
He's tаlking аbout Putin.
In the rest of Trump's term, а proxy government—а new government—is going to get estаblished: pro-Russiа, pro-Ukrаine.
I see Macron.
He is going to try to cаll blаck swаn events.
I see the swаn event coming out of him.
The blаck swаn is coming out of Macron.
And he's pushing it towаrds Germаny аnd this аreа.
He's pivoting.
There's аctuаlly а bunker.
I see him trying to hide in а bunker.
It's in Romаniа.
Does Romаniа hаve mountаins?
I see this mountаin; it's inside of the mountаin.
There's а bаse—а plаce for him to hide for а time becаuse his life's in dаnger.
I remember whаt I told you Brandon аbout the Jаson Bournes.
It's the only wаy.
The shаdow.
He wаnts to fight it.
He doesn't wаnt to move.
It's pride.
He wаnts to be in power.
But he's jumping ship like а rаt.
When you see these signs come, you'll know thаt there аre greаt politicians thаt hаve money in those—I see it—the 24 billion.
Greаt shаking аnd politicаl theаter.
Embаrrаssing moments for some hаve yet to come.
A pаper trаil—а little one.
They're destroying evidence.
I see them destroying the evidence in Ukrаine.
They'll whitewаsh the computer boаrd.
They're going to bleаch, they're going to аcid wаsh the computers.
They're going to cleаn the computers аnd destroy the money trаil.
Where's the hundred billion dollаrs?
The money trаil—it's gone.
They're going to try to destroy it so thаt you cаn't see it.
It's in bаnks in strаtegic locаtions.
They'll run, but they cаnnot hide.
Some of it will be аccounted for.
They will run, but they will not be аble to hide.
Thаnk You, Lord, for аll thаt You hаve in store.
You'll turn on the TV аnd so much will be chаnged.
You're аbout to see greаt shаking to аwаken in this nаtion аnd аround the world.
I keep heаring it: In а 24-hour period, everything will chаnge.
Thаnk You, Fаther.
Thаnk You for the аngels.
Thаnk You for Your protection.
There's something in the wаter.
We cаll аll the trаfficking—drug mules, trаfficking of children, trаfficking of drugs—we cаll it uncovered in the nаme of Jesus.
I don't know why, but I'm going to listen to it аgаin а little bit.
I'm not pro-Russiа; I'm not pro-аnything, but I'm prаying for thаt nаtion.
My Lord.
In the Lord.
I see it again.
I see the cedars and I see the great storm.
I see an escalation of war.
We have to turn this thing.
They try to stir it up with a false flag event to poke the bear, folks, in retaliation.
I saw a weapon being used.
I see it in the cedars.
It is very hot.
The scrolling messages say 'Storm.
' The day of the storm.
It is a storm inside of America.
It is a storm in Europe to try to reach the eagle.
He is coming.
I see a major draft again.
I see war, and this involves Canada.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
I put the blood over my eyes; it is to derail the economy with a bomb.
The enemy will see.
They barely will know.
I am seeing New York City.
I am seeing the subway system again.
And it will happen early in the morning.
I put the blood over my eyes.
Show us better.
Make us a table.
The water is turning like a whirlpool right outside of Cuba and the Bahamas, right in the middle, in the Bermuda Triangle.
The water is turning like a whirlpool.
I see the water turning like a whirlpool in the Bermuda Triangle.
I am talking about a swirl.
Thank you, Father.
I feel so much danger concerning this.
I thank you, Father.
I want to say this—I don't know—this seems like a massive explosion in the water on purpose.
And as it comes up, it is causing a tsunami wave.
Like something in the water is a massive nuclear explosion, outside the East Coast in the water.
All I see is the water coming up like you would see from one of those nuclear boats.
You know what I am talking about?
This is a massive thing coming up out of the water, but it is coming out on all sides.
It is coming up like the water is boiling from way down deep.
I don't know if it is a volcano or if it is actually a nuclear device or something.
What would cause the water to do that?
But this is probably—I don't know—I mean, to even say how big this is in a vision, it is massive.
Is that the asteroid I saw before coming into the water and hitting it?
It is the same spot.
It is the same spot that I saw the asteroid hit.
Am I seeing after it hit?
I don't see the rock hitting it, but there is like a massive event in that water.
And that is the same spot I saw all the dead fish.
Braden, remember I said that all the islands in Haiti and all around had dead fish everywhere?
It is because of the asteroid; it has to be what I am seeing again.
I am seeing right outside of the islands.
I am talking about the Bahamas and all of that.
And it is such a massive area, Braden.
This is not just like a couple of blocks.
This is like miles worth of something massive.
Like the water is boiling, like water is coming up.
You are running out of time.
Everything will change.
I see the sky is on fire.
I see the sky all around us is on fire.
I see clouds, and the sky is on fire.
The sun is not shining.
See these clouds?
It is a dingy light because of all of the smoke in the sky.
I see it towards the north, towards Minnesota.
I see it all around the south, towards Arizona.
That is the Southwest.
I believe I am looking into tribulation again.
I can see the smoke in the air all around.
There are no plants growing.
All the grass is burned up.
The trees are burned up.
Everything is burned up.
All of the prairie grass is dead.
All you see is dirt.
It is because of all that is going on, all the smoke and the fire.
You can see fire smoke in the sky.
The atmosphere above it is all fire in the sky, kind of like when you see a great forest fire from California—those big fires.
The sky is on fire.
It is all in the atmosphere.
There is no way for people to breathe in that.
I can see the islands again.
There are people lying all on the beaches.
There are dead fish everywhere.
And the people are lying sick on the islands.
They have white sheets over them.
They put them on the beach.
There are so many of the dead.
They are on the beaches, and they have white sheets like bags over them, and they are stacking them on the beaches.
Oh Lord, what is all this, Lord?
It is hard to say.
There is no food.
It is so hot from the fire in the atmosphere.
Something has caused a fire in the atmosphere all around.
It is something so fearful you will see.
It even makes my flesh tremble.
I am looking at it.
I think this is from the asteroid causing the atmosphere to burn.
Something is causing the atmosphere to burn.
It is like the atmosphere of our world is burning.
I don't see how anybody could live through that.
This is the Great Tribulation.
It is the atmosphere above the Earth.
All outer space, you know, it is like I see there is so much going on around Earth.
It is all on fire.
There are no birds flying.
Lord, when is this?
When, Father, when is this coming?
Oh my gosh.
I don't know what to do with it.
It is so heavy.
I feel it.
Thank you, Father.
We worship you, Father, tonight.
We worship you today.
We worship you wherever you are today.
Well, that is what I had for you all today.
It is so heavy; it is still on me.
And I really don't know what to do with this other than to lay it there.
It is just quiet.
It is just stillness as I sit here.
And I don't want to be just silent on a camera with a quiet space.
But this is so heavy, all that I am seeing with the fire in the atmosphere and the asteroid and the water boiling.
And folks, I don't usually get freaked out over visions, but this is actually troubling.
I don't know what I am looking into other than I believe I am looking at maybe Wormwood.
I don't know.
All I know is that it is time for Jesus to come, and we are going to be out of here soon.
Jesus is coming.
Wow.
It started out praying for Russia and all that.
It was heavy.
And then the Lord wanted to show me tribulation more.
And I keep getting these glimpses sometimes of that which is coming.
I talked about that harlot, and then all of a sudden, this started to unfold in front of my face.
There were seven horns, seven things on her crown.
I'm not even going to ask you all to do what I always asked you to do.
It doesn't seem appropriate; the atmosphere is too heavy.
I don't know what to do with this.
I have a meeting I've got to go to.
I'll just end it there, and we'll make you another video this afternoon or whenever I have time.
I want to go over all the things the Lord has shown us concerning Ukraine and what we've seen in the news that lines up with what the Lord showed us about Elon Musk and the $140 million lawsuit coming against him from the EU.
That lines up exactly with what the Lord said about persecution coming against alternative media; the Lord told us they would try to do all these things.
So, it's a very heavy time, but I want to encourage you to keep looking up.
Keep praying.
Keep praying, y'all, and really seeking Him.
I'll make my next video for you and we'll go over it.
It'll be with all the stuff that Braden does a live, and I really believe we'll do a live then.
If you join us, we'll go over the stuff that he always does.
I don't know how we'll do all that, but there are so many clips that I need you to see from Don Jr.
and things like that.
That's all I have for you today.
God bless you all.
We love you.
We'll see you very soon.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you.
We'll see you shortly.
Bye-bye.